Signsbeat website
Tagline (choose 1 as main, others you can choose to populate different pages on the website):
Remote Health Monitoring | Wellness & Wellbeing | Longevity
Remote Patient Monitoring | Health & Wellbeing | Longevity
Saving lives early through remote health monitoring.
Biohack your way to better health.
Signsbeat – Your link to a healthy life with remote health monitoring.
Signsbeat- Bridging science with preventive healthcare.
Treating patients more efficiently and effectively with Signsbeat.
Signsbeat- Science-based Remote Health Monitoring at home. 


Brand Story (landing page)
“YES, YOU CAN DO SOMETHING FOR YOUR PATIENTS.”
At Signsbeat, we believe that many diseases are preventable, but only if they are detected early. With remote health monitoring systems, you can help your patients to take care of their health and wellbeing, as well as have access to longevity by knowing their bodies and the systems, first and foremost. 
How your body works on the daily can you tell a story about how your body may strive in the long run. Every spike in your daily biomarkers is an insight into your body, mind and emotional wellbeing. 
Through Signsbeat, we build the bridge between Healthcare Providers and their Patients, taking away the need for guesswork. Signsbeat- Science-based Remote Health Monitoring in the comfort of your home. 
Curious? Click here to find out more!
*website developer to hyperlink (here) to Call-to-Action page

About Us : Uniquely Signsbeat
Signsbeat is a brainchild of two prominent healthcare professionals in Malaysia; a subsidiary of Vitalz.Asia. With the aim to help more patients understand their bodies and protect against preventable diseases, Signsbeat was born!
At Signsbeat, we believe that our body is a true testament of the great Evolution- with the ability to give us signals before we even develop a disease. Unfortunately, we tend to ignore these early signals or symptoms as ‘occasional sickness’…UNTIL IT IS TOO LATE. 
As such, we often miss the golden timing to rectify these body condition(s) at the earliest possible point; denying ourselves the chance for preventing chronic diseases from developing. 
Terminal diseases like cancer or chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular issues, renal deficiency, neurological problems and even hormonal imbalances often do not rear its ugly head until it gets into an advanced stage where symptoms ‘suddenly’ become worst. 
At Signsbeat, we can change all that.
Through Signsbeat’s award-winning algorithm “Signsbeat Colour Scoring” system, for the first time ever, Healthcare Providers are able to show their patients how their bodies actually work, from the inside out. 
Through Signsbeat Colour Scoring, we can now learn how our body works on the day-to-day and with any change in our biomarkers, Signbeats helps you and your patients decipher their health as early as possible. 
Click here to see how our Award-winning application works for you and your patients!

Vision:
To be the go-to point for preventive healthcare; personalising health for every individual from prevention to treatment. 

Signsbeat aims to be a market leader in Southeast Asia for personalised preventive medicine and precision healthcare by 2025.

Mission:
Committed to predict, prevent and protect from the start, Signsbeat brings your patients through the wellness journey to better health with precision medicine and personalised healthcare.

Core Values:
Purpose statement
To predict, prevent and protect from the start. Leading your patients to better health with Signsbeat’s Colour Scoring System through biometric data analysis. 

Signsbeat Core Values
Precision Healthcare | Personalised Medicine | Early Protection.

Signsbeat believes Healthcare must be personalised. There is no one-size-fits-all theory when it comes to doing what’s best for your health. 

Why Us (Unique Selling Points)
As healthcare professionals ourselves, we understand how diseases manifest over time. Usually, deterioration happens when we do not pick up the early signs and symptoms of disease development at an early stage. Someone who has diabetes may not even know he/she has it, until they do a health screening (blood test) … which may happen once a year, or sometimes, not at all!
Other times, the person who develops diabetes would dismiss the small signs like hunger, blurred vision, frequent urination, etc as isolated problems. Prevention of Obesity is key to halting the possible development of chronic diseases. While a healthcare professional MAY be able to help through bloodwork or when a patient finally seeks help at the clinic, Signbeats aim to help all your trusted patients via early-stage preventive healthcare through biomarker analysation. 

HOW DOES IT WORK?
By leveraging on our body’s signs and signals. Every minute of the day, our body goes through the Homeostasis process. When that happens naturally, our body’s Autonomic Nervous System (ANS)- consisting of the Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS) “Fight or Flight mode” and the Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS) “Restorative mode” works together in sync, to keep our body alive. 

Signsbeat colour score is able to reflect our body’s stress conditions in terms of Chronic Inflammation. 
At Signsbeats, we leverage on this biological process through the Signsbeat Colour and algorithm- allowing users and their healthcare providers to understand the user’s “Stress” levels by deciphering the Biometric data : Heart Rate Variability (HRV), Heart Rate (HR), circadian rhythm and Sleep pattern (SP) through the use of a Smartwatch or Smart health band.

WHY CHOOSE SIGNSBEAT?
Simply because as healthcare professionals ourselves, we understand.
Through the Signsbeat Colour Scoring Algorithm, we simplify and translate these sophisticated Biometric data into an easy-to-understand system, elaborating our body stress conditions on a daily basis.
For the first time ever, we can now understand what happens to our body on a daily basis, and how your day-to-day interactions and consumption CAN affect your body in the long run.  
At Signsbeat, we believe this could be the key to longevity.
Click here to find out how Signsbeat works!

The Key Technology behind Signsbeat Colour Scoring Algorithm
The Signsbeat Colour Scoring algorithm uses a sophisticated data analysation method to decipher big data from the user’s daily biometric markers- Heart Rate Variability (HRV), Heart Rate (HR), circadian rhythm and Sleep pattern (SP), and deliver the Health messages in simple colour codes.

The Colour Codes
RED: Acute Stress – Spike in Inflammation state (sudden inflammation)
YELLOW: Moderate/Chronic Stress – Chronic Inflammation state (long-term inflammation)
GREEN: Low Stress- Low Inflammation state (ideal state)

Know your Score- What does your specific colour of the day mean?
Through digitalisation, we are able to extract the biomarker data and provide you a day-to-day personalised solution to balance out your body system.

GREEN SCORE: 68-100
A low inflammation state means body is fully recharged. The User may opt for these daily activities to maintain his/her optimal condition.

Recommendations:
Physical exercise = Endurance exercise.
Diet = Moderate Carbohydrates, Moderate Fats and High Protein.
Supplement = Maintain the same dosage.

YELLOW: 38-67
Though this shows moderate inflammation, it also means the user may already have chronic inflammation (long-term) that may lead to chronic disease developments over time. 

Recommendations:
Physical exercise = Muscle Strength Training/ HITTS.
Diet = Low Carbohydrates, Moderate Protein and Moderate Fats.
Supplement = To increase anti-inflammatory supplement dosage.

RED: 0-37
As there is a spike in inflammation, the user may need to have a rest day in order to recharge the body back to optimal wellness.

Recommendations:
Physical exercise = None, to rest. 
Diet = Low Carbohydrates, Low Protein and High Fats.
Supplement = Increase to highest anti-inflammatory supplement dosage as recommended.

WHY DOES THIS WORK?
Leveraging on our body’s biological systems, Signsbeat helps users to recognise the early signs and symptoms for optimal disease prevention. As every body system works differently, we believe precision and personalisation of treatment is KEY in keeping the body and mind at an optimal health state- in aiding longevity and graceful aging. 

Depending on what the user’s body may need, there will be daily intervention and realignment to bring the body back to the optimal state through diet, exercise, rest and food consumption. Oftentime, very specific supplements in exact doses may be recommended too. 
Beyond that, Signsbeat will also recommend key strategies i.e. a Biohacking session (Depending on the user’s colour score) such as Infrared sauna, Cold Plunge, Warm Shower, Ice Bath, Bio-Resonance and others.
At Signsbeat, we know early detection and protection can help users to halt the progression towards chronic diseases such as Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, fatty liver, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, etc. that could cause cardiovascular, renal and neurological illnesses.

OUR PARTNERS
Signsbeat uses health band devices like the Biostrap to determine the users’ daily biomarkers and decipher its big data with our award-winning algorithm Signsbeat Colour Scores.

Biostrap is a patent-pending, NASA-approved choice of Remote Health Monitoring system with high accuracy in detecting Heart Rate, Heart Rate Variability, Sleep Analysis with deep data insights, SpO2 (Blood Oxygen Saturation) and Respiratory Rate. Biostrap comes with clinical, research-grade biometrics using a IR/Red optimal sensor to measure from deep beneath the skin (10x deeper than green light) hence providing more reliable biometric data. Biostrap is serious about keeping its users healthy and not just ‘fit’. It is a trusted wearable device of healthcare professionals, research universities and clinical research organisations like NASA, Tulane University and Medtronic.
Other Applicators- We are in the midst of determining if the Ouraring, Garmin, and Apple watch are suitable to be paired with Signsbeat Algorithm, essentially presenting our users with more choices of health band devices.

OUR AWARD(S) AND ACCOLADES
Vitalz.Asia, the parent company to Signsbeat has recently won a Silver Award (2nd Place) under the Digital Health and Mobile Solution category in the Malaysia Technology Expo 2022 (MTE 2022), an international conference for innovators. You can read more about the Award here.


Testimonials:
Here’s what some of our Healthcare Professional Partners @ Health Coaches have to say about the Signsbeat Colour Scoring System. 

*insert details*

FAQ: 
What is Homeostasis?
The natural and biological process optimisation by our own body to balance out between energy production and cell reproduction, keeping the physical body alive. 

What is Signsbeat Colour Scoring system?
Signsbeat Colour Scoring algorithm is a sophisticated brainchild of two healthcare professionals, with the intention to decipher and simplify big biomarkers data from a smart health monitor watch or health band into readable information for the user, for optimal daily health and to predict, prevent and protect against disease development. 

How does Signsbeat use my biomarkers to help me with disease prevention?
Signsbeat uses the Signsbeat Colour Scoring algorithm to read your daily biomarkers (HR, HRV, Sleep pattern and Circadian Rhythm) for any changes in inflammation levels. In turn, this daily process can help you to stay in optimal health, preventing chronic diseases from an early stage. This allows you to know where your body stands on a daily basis vs. only once a year during your routine blood test.

What are inflammation markers? Are they important?
Our body depends on the Autonomic Nervous System (ANS)- consisting of the Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS) “Fight or Flight mode” and the Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS) “Restorative to keep us alive and well. Any imbalances in this context will cause a rise or a dip in your inflammation markers and can end up causing a chronic disease (cardiovascular, renal, neurological, hormonal) to develop. 

Can Signsbeat help with longevity?
While using the Signsbeat system cannot promise you longevity (as truthfully, nothing does), the Signsbeat sophisticated algorithm is able to track your body’s performance and health status on a daily basis- helping you to keep your body, mind and soul at an optimal level and always seeking to rebalance the system whenever it goes out of whack. This is important as any differences detected for a prolonged period of time even after Signsbeat’s intervention (through daily recommendations and health coaching) could mean the start of a disease’s development. This is why early detection is key.

Signsbeat aims to predict, detect and protect our users at the earliest possible point in a disease development stage.
 


How to be a Healthcare Professional (HCP) Partner? 
Great question! If you find Signsbeat a helpful technology for you and your patients, do contact us at : 				for more info. We can set up a virtual / physical meeting thereafter to walk you through the process of being Signsbeat’s HCP Partner.

Let’s help more patients, together!

Who shall I contact?
You can click through here to get to our Contact Us page.

What does the Signsbeat Package for HCP partners include? 

Product training, provider networking, client case support, client recruitment guide, deep insights in the Signsbeat Colour Scoring system. 

Is there any after-sales service?

Yes, within subscription period.

Is there any Warranties?
One Year International Warranty as provided by Device(s). 

Contact us (CTA Page)
Are you a Healthcare Professional ready to partner with Signsbeat? Are you looking to help your patients with early detection – predict, prevent and protect against chronic disease development? 
If your answer is YES, contact us at :- 

If you would like to seek more information, contact us at :-

Follow us on :       ?  (Any social media accounts? IG/LinkedIn?)